docs(pages): add example of limiting scanned routes (#19181)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.pages.md

  }
})
```
## Limiting Routes

> By default, Nuxt will create a page for all files ending with `extensions` configured in `nuxt.config`, default `[".js",".jsx",".mjs",".ts",".tsx",".vue"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt will create a route for all files ending with one of the `extensions` configured in `nuxt.config`. (By default these are `.js`, `.jsx`, `.mjs`, `.ts`, `.tsx` and `.vue`.)
```
